all right let's begin sorry for the
noise and the video quality I have four
discs in this particular config hooked
up to the laptop using USB external
adapters they all go into one USB
segment the output of the actual raid
drive itself respond to an expansion
disc now I can't stress this enough if
you want to try and perform this this is
going to cause II problems in many
regards one of them being the fact that
USB does not do error checking so
just be prepared any rate i'm using a
software called braid reconstructor in
step one you just simply if you know the
actual setup if you know the details
about the raid array you're trying to
recover you put the drive order in to
the best of your knowledge and step one
down here you set the block size again
to the best of your knowledge in the
actual parity then in step two which is
recommended you would do an analyzation
now we're going to basically do a
pretest here which is going to do
surface scan drive detection and it's
taken away
this quite disc
now in this particular step it's going
to ask you for the the actual parameters
now I'm not going to go into crazy
detail about this because every raid
configuration is different but if you
have a raid that is using a hardware
controller you want to set the start
sector 20 that's usually what it is if
it's a software raid you want to do
especially Microsoft one you want to do
around 63 or so you know block size to
probe again if you know the basics about
what you're trying to recover it should
be pretty easy for you I've already
preset mine based on my knowledge as far
as parity rotations to probe again I've
already preset up will work best for me
once you've done this to the best
ability you hit next the if now it's
performing the entropy test entropy is
nothing more than a calculated guess so
you know basically it could guess right
or it could guess wrong so there's going
to be some trial and error here but as
its working here what you're going to
look for in the entropy column is OS for
you're going to want to make sure that
whatever it recommends if it does
recommend anything that is says OS for
next to it and basically right now it's
still tickin away here so
we're going to see here pretty soon and
it's going to have
you know an answer
though this usually takes good minute so
sometimes faster sometimes not
alright
it's basically the first option as
you've noticed has the OS for next to it
as well as what it estimates the block
size to be start sector so on and so
forth so
basically from here you take it the
first recommendation hit finish and then
you output what it is able to
reconstruct into a virtual image file or
an image file i chose image file because
of the risk of you know drive / hardware
concerns so i was able to chop put the
image directly to another desk so once
it finishes which you know depending on
your hardware and your setup and if you
do a right or wrong and if you do it
wrong like me it's going to take longer
if you do it right and you actually use
you know internal hard hardware drive
controllers you should get it to dispel
the image faster but at any rate
basically you then would take the image
into another piece of software that is
able to analyze the NTFS image and
depending on the file system quality you
could be able to determine how much data
you're able to get back or if it's
someone messed up you're going to have
to take it into a piece of software that
is going to basically reconstruct that
file system
using that image for that I would
recommend get data back it's another
runtime software product but that pretty
much concludes it again basically I was
able to take a hardware raid 5 from the
server and recover the data using only
my personal laptop thanks